add CoC and related procedures (#16)
UNIVERSE-HPC/UNIVERSE-HPC.github.io: _pages/events/code-of-conduct.md

Be careful in the words that you choose. Remember that words can be offensive to those around you. Swearing and offensive jokes are not appropriate at our events.

If a participant engages in behaviour that violates this Code of Conduct, the event organisers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the event.

## Contact information

At all our events, we have staff dedicated to enforcing the Code of Conduct and dealing with its violations. 

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact one of the Code of Conduct staff responsible for the event you are attending and they will be happy to assist those experiencing harassment to feel safe for the duration of the event.

- Jeremy Cohen (Imperial College London) - [jeremy.cohen@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:jeremy.cohen@imperial.ac.uk)
- Eirini Zormpa (Imperial College London) - [e.zormpa@imperial.ac.uk](mailto:ezormpa@imperial.ac.uk)
- Neil Chue Hong (University of Edinburgh) - [n.chuehong@epcc.ed.ac.uk](mailto:n.chuehong@epcc.ed.ac.uk)

## Procedure for reporting and responding to Harassment

> - [Attendee procedure for incident reporting](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct/report-incident)

Reviewer: We should use Jekyll relative links to ensure this works locally as well as when deployed (and it's then also then indepedent of wether HTTP/HTTPS is used:

```suggestion
- [Attendee procedure for incident reporting]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct/report-incident)
```

> - [Staff procedure for responding to incidents](http://www.universe-hpc.ac.uk/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident)

Reviewer: As above:
```suggestion
- [Staff procedure for responding to incidents]({{ site.baseurl}}/events/code-of-conduct/respond-to-incident)
```
